2d subnautica:

-Core Idea:
	You have crash-landed on Radan-8. Upon impact with the ocean's surface, your spaceship's engines didn't close off properly and the water damaged them, along with other components. To your dismay, the reserve parts along with other parts of your ship that broke off during atmospheric re-entry sunk to the bottom of the underwater cave system you happen to have crash-landed over. If you wish to make it off of this strange planet, you must venture into the depths and darkness of Radan-8s underwater caves in order to repair your ship. Be wary, however, your sub might not be the only fish in the sea...
-Gameplay progression:
You start at the surface, the top of the first layer. Here, visibility is quite good, and there aren't many threats to watch out for. At the center is your spaceship, or what remains of it, your hub for repairs and upgrades. Bring back ship components to repair your ship and eventually take off and leave. There are vital ship components at the bottom of and blocking entrances to cave systems. Bring them back to the ship in order to upgrade your sub and the ship itself. As you traverse the caves, use the surrounding ores to fabricate new ship components, which will allow you to make your sonar more sensitive, dive deeper, mine more ores, and unlock new countermeasures. The most vital components of you ship are located at the very bottom. You must retrieve these to repair your ship and take off, finishing the game.
- Submarine
This is the player. You play as a small sub, around 5m long. Enough for one person, and outfitted with sonar and mining equipment. As you descent deeper, you will become more dependent on your sonar to navigate the cave and identify threats.
- Enemies:
	Layer 1 - Squidfish:
	This is the least dangerous enemy in the game. This fish is normally passive, typically feeding on small plankton and krill, however, if provoked, it will use it's sharp, dagger like teeth to chew at your sub. This fish is unlikely to end your run, but will cause repairable damage. They are solitary and very sensitive to noise, and are occasionally spotted diving into deeper sections of the cave system to find bio-luminescent plankton. Coincidentally, your flashlight seems to remind them of food.  
	Layer 2 - Spearfish:
	This fish bears a strong resemblance to the swordfish back on Earth, with a sharp battering ram on it's nose that it uses to ram adversaries. It is extremely territorial, but will give you a chance to back off. Should you not heed it's warning, this fish can cause devastating damage to your sub, which will require lots of resources to repair. If the damage is severe enough, it may even end your run.
	Layer 3 - Ghostfish:
	The apex predator of Radan-8's cave system. Being an ambush predator, it lives in the very bottom layer and uses bio-luminescent lights to lure Squidfish into it's trap. Unfortunately for you, it's lights can also resemble the beacons of your repair components. This fish's physical form is still a mystery to our database, however it seems to resemble eels, and be substantial in size. Be wary of this fish, because once it bites onto you sub, it will chew at it until it breaks. This fish is very capable of ending your run, and the only way to escape it's teeth-ridden jaws is to put your propellers in overdrive, shake as violently as you can, and use your lights to flashbang the predator.

